Samsung Knox Suite is our all-in-one package of enterprise device management services
bundled into three plans to best fit your business.
The Knox Suite - Base Plan is our free device management plan that allows you to easily
set up and secure your EMM and UEM managed devices.
To get started with Samsung Knox Suite, you'll need to register for an account at samsungknox.com
When you sign up, select the Knox Suite – Base Plan to use our free device management and enrollment services.
To help you seamlessly prepare your devices for your business operations
The Knox Suite – Base Plan includes Knox Mobile Enrollment
our streamlined and secure device setup service
which allows you to easily deploy your device fleet so they're ready for use right out of the box.
To set this up,
click Profiles under Knox Mobile Enrollment.
Here, click Create profile and give your enrollment profile a name and description.
At the bottom, select EMM.
Optionally, you can also select Knox Service Plugin
for additional device control and customization features at no additional cost.
Click "Next" to configure your EMM and contact information.
Then, select the EMM solution to enroll your devices to.
Click Next to configure additional settings for enrollment
which allows you to add additional enrollment methods, choose whether system apps are pre-installed
configure enrollment screens and privacy policies, and more.
Review your enrollment profile, then click Create and assign.
Here, you can select which devices to assign to this profile.
Assigned devices will automatically enroll to your EMM during initial device setup
so they’re ready for business use right out of the box.
To learn more about Knox Suite services and plans, please visit our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com
Thanks for watching!